8 bedroom terraced house for rent in  Burn Park Road,  Sunderland, SR2 available for £342 pcm, £79 pw |  Burn Park Road,  Sunderland, SR2 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED Rooms from £79pppw BedeBrooke Lettings are pleased to offer this substantial eight- bedroom property  suitable for student accommodation and located just a few minutes walking distance from The Gateway University building and Sunderland City Centre. The property benefits from full double glazing along with gas central heating. The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included and complimentary high speed broadband & WiFi included. Ground Floor: The ground floor comprises of a spacious lounge with full size bar football table, 42 inch HDTV fitted to wall, large fully fitted kitchen with modern units, bathroom with shower cubicle, washbasin and W.C. Large bedroom with en-suite consisting of shower cubicle, washbasin and W.C. 1/2 landing with W.C. First Floor: The first floor comprises 1 medium sized bedroom, 2 large bedrooms one bedroom with en suite consisting of bath, his and hers wash basins and toilet. Second Floor: The second floor comprises 3 large bedrooms, 1 small bedroom; bathroom with bath, shower over bath, wash basin and toilet. Off street parking is available to the rear with electrically operated garage door. The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security. For further information on this property please visit 
5 bedroom terraced house for rent in  Cresswell Terrace,  Sunderland, SR2 available for £325 pcm, £75 pw |  Cresswell Terrace,  Sunderland, SR2 | 5 bedroom student property. NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED, from £75pppw, all inclusive package - bills included, Complimentary Sky TV, Complimentary WIFI, Off Street Parking, Complimentary Cleaner, Accredited Landlord. NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED Rooms from £75 per week This is a substantial five bedroom property suitable for student accommodation, located in a desirable area of Sunderland close to the city centre and university. The property benefits from part double glazing and gas central heating. The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included and complimentary high speed broadband & WiFi included. As an extra bonus, complimentary Sky Movies and Sky Sports are included as part of the student letting package. Off street parking is available to the rear with electrically operated garage door. The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security. For further information on this property please visit 
Studio flat for rent in Studio, St. Bedes Terrace, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 available for £412 pcm, £95 pw | Studio, St. Bedes Terrace, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED  £95.00 per week, suitable for couples. All utility bills included*.  Graysons Properties are pleased to offer this amazing Studio suitable for student accommodation with comfort in mind. The property is in the city centre of Sunderland and ideally situated for local amenities. The property benefits from full double glazing and central heating.  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  Bedroom: fully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, shelving units, smart TV, desk, chair  Kitchen: the kitchen has fully fitted units, a fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan unit and washing machine  En-suite: fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space  The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included* and complimentary fibre internet included.  Off street parking is available to the front courtyard and rear with electrically operated garage door.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front of the building for additional security.  A complimentary cleaner attends on a weekly basis to maintain the communal areas at this property.  *£98.00 p/term utility contribution required  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
2 bedroom flat for rent in Sea Road, SR6 available for £525 pcm, £121 pw | Sea Road | A spacious 2 bedroom duplex apartment; very conveniently situated on Sea Road ideal for access to local amenities, schools and Seaburn sea front. Neutrally decorated the property comprises: entrance lobby, landing, lounge, fitted kitchen, double bedroom, second floor landing: further double bedroom and bathroom w.c. EPC E. Brochures Brochure Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1 EPC 2
7 bedroom terraced house for rent in  St. Bedes Terrace,  Sunderland, SR2 available for £338 pcm, £78 pw |  St. Bedes Terrace,  Sunderland, SR2 | 7 bedroom student property from £78pppw. BedeBrooke are pleased to offer this substantial seven-bedroomed student property. Located in a private, gated, tree lined terrace in the desirable area of Ashbrooke and ideally situated for local amenities. The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included and complimentary high speed broadband & WiFi included. The property has a CCTV recording system to front and rear of building for additional security. Basement: The basement comprises of a large lounge with 42 inch HDTV fitted to wall and foosball table, a large fully fitted kitchen with modern units and utility room with washing machine. Ground floor: The ground floor comprises 2 large bedrooms and a fully tiled bathroom with bath, wash basin and W.C. First floor: The first floor comprises of 2 large bedrooms, 1 medium sized bedroom fully tiled bathroom with shower, wash basin and W.C. Second floor: The second floor comprises 1 large bedroom, 1 medium sized bedroom, fully tiled bathroom with shower cubicle, wash basin and W.C.
8 bedroom terraced house for rent in  Mowbray Close,  Sunderland, SR2 available for £355 pcm, £82 pw |  Mowbray Close,  Sunderland, SR2 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED Rooms from £82 per week. BedBrooke Lettings are pleased to offer this substantial eight-bedroomed property suitable for student accommodation, located in a private, gated tree lined terrace in the desirable area of Ashbrooke and ideally situated for local amenities. The property is fully double glazed with gas central heating. The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included and complimentary high speed broadband & WiFi included. Basement: The basement comprises of a spacious bedroom with tiled walk in shower cubicle, washbasin and W.C. Ground Floor: The ground floor comprises a large bedroom, large lounge with 42 inch LCD TV fitted to wall, a spacious fully fitted kitchen with modern units, utility room and W.C. First Floor: The first floor comprises three large bedrooms, two fully tiled shower rooms with shower cubicle, wash basin and W.C. Second Floor: The second floor comprises three large bedrooms, one shower room with shower cubicle, washbasin and W.C. Off street parking is available to the rear of the property with electrically operated garage door. The property benefits from a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of the building for additional security. For further information on this property please visit 
Studio flat for rent in Bexley Street, Sunderland, SR4 available for £381 pcm, £88 pw | Bexley Street, Sunderland, SR4 | Property Reference: 951003. Flat Available 1 bed studio flat Available unfurnished Self contained with kitchen and bathroom Shared rear yard Shared washing machine Heating included in bills Water included in bills Electric included in bills Locted in walking distance of Sunderland University, Sunderland Royal Hospital, Metro links and Sunderland City Centre. Excellent location. Summary & Exclusions: - Rent Amount: £381.33 per month (£88.00 per week) - Deposit / Bond: £250.00 - 1 Bedrooms - 1 Bathrooms - Property comes unfurnished - Available to move in from 11 November, 2020 - Minimum tenancy term is 6 months - Maximum number of tenants is 1 - DSS enquiries welcome - Students ONLY. - No Pets, sorry - Smokers considered - Not Suitable for Families / Children - Bills Included - No Parking Available - No Garden Access - EPC Rating: E  If calling, please quote reference: 951003  Fees: You will not be charged any admin fees. ** Contact today to book a viewing and have the landlord show you round! ** Request Details form responded to 24/7, with phone bookings available 9am-9pm, 7 days a week.
Studio flat for rent in City View @Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 available for £693 pcm, £160 pw | City View @Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED  Penthouse Studio Apartment from £160 pw, all bills included*  SUITABLE FOR COUPLES OR INDIVIDUALS  Graysons Properties are proud to offer this Deluxe Penthouse Apartment in this amazing property in the heart of Sunderland City Centre. The fully open plan Penthouse is uniquely designed for couples and suitable for modern student accommodation. The development enjoys wonderful views and is ideally situated for local amenities.  The property will benefits from double glazing and central heating. With on site laundry facilities and secure access points throughout.  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  Phoenix House is walking distance to St Peter's and Chester Road, University of Sunderland Campus  BEDROOM AREA: All beautifully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, under bed storage and shelving units, smart TV, Ethernet connection, desk, chair.  KITCHEN  & LOUNGE AREA: Fully integrated, modern units comprising of fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan. Spacious Lounge and dining area.  EN-SUITE: fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space and set separate from the main living area.  COMMUNAL LAUNDRY ROOM: Complete with high quality industrial washers and dryers for heavier loads and more efficient cleaning.  COMPLIMENTARY CLEANING OPERATIVE:A complimentary cleaner attends to maintain the communal areas at this property.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security and benefits from fully Integrated, modern, furniture with unique, artistic, styling throughout. This Deluxe Penthouse apartment was made for couples and along with beautiful views they benefit form spacious areas with no hidden costs. All utility and Wi-Fi bills are included* in the rooms weekly rent rate.  *£98.00 p/term utility contribution required from tenant  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available
2 bedroom end of terrace house for rent in Barleycorn Place, Sunderland, SR1 available for £525 pcm, £121 pw | Barleycorn Place, Sunderland, SR1 | Property Reference: 147094. Key features End Terrace Property  Two Good Sized Bedrooms  Open Plan Living room and fitted kitchen with built in appliances  Garage  City Center Living  Walking Distance From Metro  Close to City Center Shops  Opposite Sunderland Software Center  Viewing essential to appreciate property and amenities Full description An impressive end of terrace house in the City Center with a stylish, contemporary interior and benefiting from an integral garage. Internally on the ground floor there is fabulous open plan lounge and kitchen area, which is accessed via an entrance hall with staircase to the first floor. It has an attractive kitchen, fitted with an excellent range of modern units. On the first floor there are two bedrooms and a bathroom. Benefits of the property include double glazed windows and gas central heating to radiators. This ideal location provides easy access to an extensive range of amenities, shopping facilities, cafes, bars and restaurants as well as offering excellent transport connections. Viewing highly recommended! Entrance - Access via a double glazed entrance door to the open plan lounge. Open Plan Living Kitchen - 4.00 x 3.90 (not including stair case area) (13'1 - (Approximate measurements as irregular shaped room) Double glazed window to the front, wood flooring and a tall feature central heating radiator. The Kitchen is fitted with contemporary wall and base units with work surfaces over incorporating a sink unit, integrated appliances include an oven, gas hob, fridge, freezer and dishwasher. There is a door to the garage and a staircase leading up to the first floor. First Floor Landing - Doors leading off to the two bedrooms and bathroom. Bedroom 1 - 3.40 x 3.14 plus dressing area 2.53 x 1.42 (11'1" - This spacious room has double glazed windows to both the front and rear, a central heating radiator and a useful area ideal as a dressing area. Bedroom 2 - 4.30 x 2.17 (average measurements as irregular shape - Double glazed window to the front, central heating radiator and a built in cupboard. Bathroom - Fitted with a modern three piece bathroom suite comprising of a low level WC, pedestal wash hand basin and a panel bath with shower attachment over. There are tiled walls, two ladder style central heating radiators and a double glazed window. Garage - 5.11 x 3.08 (16'9" x 10'1") - Integral garage with a electric roller shutter access door. There is a double glazed window and a internal door to the open plan living kitchen. Summary & Exclusions: - Rent Amount: £525.00 per month (£121.15 per week) - Deposit / Bond: £525.00 - 2 Bedrooms - 1 Bathrooms - Property comes unfurnished - Available to move in from 09 November, 2020 - Minimum tenancy term is 12 months - Maximum number of tenants is 2 - No Students - No Pets, sorry - No Smokers - Family Friendly - Bills not included - Property has parking - No Garden Access - EPC Rating: C  If calling, please quote reference: 147094  Fees: You will not be charged any admin fees. ** Contact today to book a viewing and have the landlord show you round! ** Request Details form responded to 24/7, with phone bookings available 9am-9pm, 7 days a week.
4 bedroom terraced house for rent in  Carlyon Street,  Sunderland, SR2 available for £325 pcm, £75 pw |  Carlyon Street,  Sunderland, SR2 | STUDENT PROPERTY - NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED. All inclusive package from £75pppw  - bills included, Complimentary WIFI, Accredited Landlord. BedeBrooke are delighted to offer this comfortable four-bedroomed property suitable for students wishing to share accommodation with friends; located just a few minutes walking distance from Park Lane Interchange Metro and Bus Station. The property benefits from full double glazing and gas central heating. The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included and complimentary high speed broadband & WiFi included. Ground floor: The ground floor comprises a large lounge with 42 inch HDTV fitted to wall; a farmhouse style kitchen with modern fitted units.  Large bedroom with patio doors overlooking garden to the rear of the property. First Floor: The first floor comprises 2 large bedrooms, 1 small bedroom; large bathroom with corner bath, shower cubicle, wash basin and W.C. For further information on this property please visit  Energy Performance Certificates EPC Graph
3 bedroom house for rent in Woodfall Drive, Crayford, DA1 available for £1,350 pcm, £312 pw | Woodfall Drive, Crayford, DA1 | Mann Lettings are delighted to offer to let this fantastic three bedroom end of terraced family home. Situated on this ever popular newer style development, that is an ideal location for commuters and family alike. Within close proximity to Crayford high street, Tower retail park, Sainsburys superstore and Crayford station as well as a wealth of transport links. Internally this property comprises of entrance porch leading to a good sized lounge and part open to a seperate dining area with patio doors looking on to an attractive a good sized paved garden. There is a seperate kitchen and appliances to remain. To the first floor are three well proportioned bedrooms, and a family bathroom. Allocated parking immediately outside the home. This property is unfurnished and available late December. Sure to receive a high level of interest you must call now to avoid any disappointment. Energy Performance Certificates EPC Image
2 bedroom flat for rent in James Smith Court, Dartford, DA1 available for £1,500 pcm, £346 pw | James Smith Court, Dartford, DA1 | Property Reference: 930911. *** SECURED CARPARK *** *** Top Floor Penthouse *** *** All Around Balcony *** We are proud to present this BRAND NEW Unique LUXURIOUS 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment on the with Long balcony in the highly anticipated Langley Square - a stunning waterside development situated in the commuter town of Dartford with excellent transport links into Central London. This apartment offers contemporary open-plan living areas,boasting a sleek designer kitchen with high quality integrated appliances, 2 double bedrooms and 2 luxury bathrooms with en-suite and fitted wardrobe to master bedroom. The property further benefits from wrap around Balconies with magnificent view and audio entry system. The apartment also has the added benefit of a GYM facility and an onsite SUPERMARKET, which makes life a lot less stressful giving you time to enjoy the luxury apartment. Additionally the apartment comes with water filter and state of the art home appliances Dartford Rail Station(2 min Walk) is located adjacent from the development providing direct links to London Bridge,Victoria and Central London (Charing Cross ,Cannon Street stations) from just 41 minutes, ideal for City commuters. Abbey wood Station will be served by the new Cross rail , and is only an 8 minute journey from Dartford via train. From here,journey times will be significantly reduced with direct links to Canary Wharf in just 11 minutes, Bond Street 25 minutes and Heathrow 51 minutes. Transformed from a former Victorian factory site, Langley Square will feature a village pond, children's play area as well as open green spaces and public walkways. A vibrant new high street will form the heart of the community with prime retail and commercial space, providing residents with a range of shops and local amenities. Bluewater and lakeside shopping mall only 15 minutes away from site. Outstanding Primary and Grammar school nearby Summary & Exclusions: - Rent Amount: £1,500.00 per month (£346.15 per week) - Deposit / Bond: £1,500.00 - 2 Bedrooms - 2 Bathrooms - Property comes unfurnished - Available to move in from 07 November, 2020 - Minimum tenancy term is 12 months - Maximum number of tenants is 3 - No Students - No Pets, sorry - No Smokers - Family Friendly - Bills not included - Property has parking - Property has garden access - EPC Rating: B  If calling, please quote reference: 930911  Fees: You will not be charged any admin fees. ** Contact today to book a viewing and have the landlord show you round! ** Request Details form responded to 24/7, with phone bookings available 9am-9pm, 7 days a week.
2 bedroom flat for rent in Mill Pond Road, Dartford, DA1 available for £1,350 pcm, £312 pw | Mill Pond Road, Dartford, DA1 | **Zero Deposit Option Available** Beautifully Finished New Build Luxury Home! With 2 double bedrooms, stunning en-suite and family bathrooms, modern kitchen with integrated white goods, 2 balconies with views, great living space and allocated parking this is truly a beautiful home that is just a few moments walk from Dartford Station as well as Dartford Town Centre home to a choice of shops, supermarkets, bars and restaurants as well as being home to plenty of popular schools. Available from mid to late November 2020! Location Found in the heart of Dartford Town in Kent, just a few moments walk from Dartford Station where there are regular trains on offer, getting you into central London well within an hour as well as being home to a choice in shops, supermarkets, restaurants, bars and popular schools. The A2, QE2 Bridge and M25 are all a short drive away. Kitchen Balcony Living Room Bedroom 1 Bedroom 2 Bathroom Allocated Parking /2 Brochures Full Property Details Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
Studio flat for rent in Thornhill Crescent, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 available for £498 pcm, £115 pw | Thornhill Crescent, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED  £115.00 per week,  All utility bills included*  Available from the end of January 2021  Graysons Properties are pleased to offer this amazing studio suitable for student accommodation with comfort in mind. The property is in the city centre of Sunderland and ideally situated for local amenities. The property benefits from full double glazing and central heating.  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  5 minutes walk to Sunderland University Library, Chester Road Campus  Bedrooms: fully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, under bed storage and shelving units, smart TV, Sky TV package, Ethernet connection, desk, chair  Kitchen: the kitchen has fully fitted units, a fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan unit  En-suite: fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space  Communal cinema room: large 60 inch smart television compatible with Netflix, DVD player, sofa and additional seating, gaming console  Social Hub area: large conservatory area with sofas,table football, Ethernet connection available, 32 inch smart TV  Laundry room: high capacity washing machine, high capacity tumble dryer  The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included* and complimentary high speed internet included.  Secure parking (limited spaces) is available to the rear with electrically operated garage door.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security.  A complimentary cleaner attends on a weekly basis to maintain the communal areas at this property.  *£97.00 p/term utilities contribution required from tenant  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
3 bedroom semi-detached house for rent in Perkins Close, Greenhithe, Kent, DA9 available for £1,300 pcm, £300 pw | Perkins Close, Greenhithe, Kent, DA9 | Anthony James Estate Agents are pleased to offer to the market this spacious three bedroom semi detached in Greenhithe. The property is situated in a quiet and sought after development.The property is perfectly situated for Bluewater Shopping Centre and Greenhithe Train Station.  Features include double glazing, gas central heating, large lounge, large modern kitchen/diner, three bedrooms, family bathroom, downstairs WC, private rear garden, garage and off street parking.  The property is available beginning of December and is offered un-furnished.  Restrictions: Sorry no pets and smokers Brochures Full Details Energy Performance Certificates Energy Perform...
1 bedroom apartment for rent in Thornhill Crescent, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 available for £542 pcm, £125 pw | Thornhill Crescent, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED  Academic year 2021/2022  £125.00 per week,  All utility bills included  Graysons Properties are pleased to offer this amazing studio suitable for student accommodation with comfort in mind. The property is in the city centre of Sunderland and ideally situated for local amenities. The property benefits from full double glazing and central heating.  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  5 minutes walk to Sunderland University Library, Chester Road Campus  Bedrooms: fully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, under bed storage and shelving units, smart TV, Ethernet connection, desk, chair  Kitchen: the kitchen has fully fitted units, a fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan unit  En-suite: fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space  Communal cinema room: large 60 inch smart television compatible with Netflix, DVD player, sofa and additional seating, gaming console  Social Hub area: large conservatory area with sofas,table football, Ethernet connection available, 32 inch smart TV  Laundry room: high capacity washing machine, high capacity tumble dryer  The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included* and complimentary high speed internet included.  Secure parking (limited spaces) is available to the rear with electrically operated garage door.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security.  A complimentary cleaner attends on a weekly basis to maintain the communal areas at this property.  *£97.00 p/term utilities contribution required from tenant  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
1 bedroom house share for rent in Craydene Road Erith DA8 available for £600 pcm, £138 pw | Craydene Road Erith DA8 | **ALL BILLS INCLUEDED & OFFERED WITH ZERO DEPOSIT GUARANTEE** Acorn are truly delighted to offer this extremely spacious double room to rent in a well looked after home, shared with only one person and offered furnished and available for occupation immediately. Please call now to view  ! Energy Performance Certificates Energy Performanc...
Studio flat for rent in City View @Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 available for £737 pcm, £170 pw | City View @Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED  Academic Year 2021/2022  Studio Apartment from £170 pw, all bills included*  SUITABLE FOR COUPLES OR INDIVIDUALS  Graysons Properties are proud to offer this Deluxe Penthouse Apartment in this amazing property in the heart of Sunderland City Centre. The fully open plan Penthouse is uniquely designed for couples and suitable for modern student accommodation. The development enjoys wonderful views and is ideally situated for local amenities.  The property will benefits from double glazing and central heating. With on site laundry facilities and secure access points throughout.  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  Phoenix House is walking distance to St Peter's and Chester Road, University of Sunderland Campus  BEDROOM AREA: All beautifully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, under bed storage and shelving units, smart TV, Ethernet connection, desk, chair.  KITCHEN  & LOUNGE AREA: Fully integrated, modern units comprising of fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan. Spacious Lounge and dining area.  EN-SUITE: fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space and set separate from the main living area.  COMMUNAL LAUNDRY ROOM: Complete with high quality industrial washers and dryers for heavier loads and more efficient cleaning.  COMPLIMENTARY CLEANING OPERATIVE:A complimentary cleaner attends to maintain the communal areas at this property.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security and benefits from fully Integrated, modern, furniture with unique, artistic, styling throughout. This Deluxe Penthouse apartment was made for couples and along with beautiful views they benefit form spacious areas with no hidden costs. All utility and Wi-Fi bills are included* in the rooms weekly rent rate.  *£97.00 p/term utility contribution required from tenant  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available
7 bedroom house share for rent in Roker Avenue, Sunderland, SR6 available for £375 pcm, £87 pw | Roker Avenue, Sunderland, SR6 | Property Reference: 949119. Room in a Shared House, Roker Avenue, SR6 We are proud to offer this delightful room in a 7 bedroom, 7 bathroom shared house in a great location. Available to move in from 10 November 2020, this property benefits from available parking, and garden access. Property is offered furnished. Viewing highly recommended. Contact us today for more details or to arrange a viewing! Summary Rent £375.00 per month (£86.54 per week) Deposit / Bond is £432.69 Minimum tenancy is 3 months Maximum number of tenants is 9 Students welcome to enquire No Pets, sorry Smokers considered Not Suitable for Families / Children Bills Included EPC Rating: EPC Not Required (Shared Accommodation)  If calling, please quote reference: 949119  Fees: You will not be charged any admin fees. ** Contact today to book a viewing and have the landlord show you round! ** Request Details form responded to 24/7, with phone bookings available 9am-9pm, 7 days a week.
Studio flat for rent in St. Bedes Terrace, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 available for £563 pcm, £130 pw | St. Bedes Terrace, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED   Academic Year 2021/2022 £130.00 per week, suitable for couples or professionals. All utility bills included*.  Graysons Properties are pleased to offer this amazing Studio suitable for student accommodation with comfort in mind. The property is in the city centre of Sunderland and ideally situated for local amenities. The property benefits from full double glazing and central heating.  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  Bedroom: fully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, shelving units, smart TV, desk, chair  Kitchen: the kitchen has fully fitted units, a fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space and extractor fan unit  En-suite: benefits form a fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space  The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included* and complimentary fibre internet included.  Off street parking is available to the front courtyard and rear with electrically operated garage door.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to the front of the building for additional security.  A complimentary cleaner attends on a weekly basis to maintain the communal areas at this property.  For further information on this property please visit   *£199 utility contribution required from tenant *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
1 bedroom flat for rent in Salisbury Road Dartford DA2 available for £950 pcm, £219 pw | Salisbury Road Dartford DA2 | This really is a lovely modern flat that is ready for someone to bring their furniture in and make it their home. The property comes with a fully fitted kitchen, with a modern bathroom, spacious lounge, bedroom with built in wardrobes, allocated parking space and a visitor parking bay. The property is in great location, with the distance so close to Darenth valley hospital, a short distance from Bluewater, Dartford town and easy access to the A2. Brochures Brochure:A4 Broch... Energy Performance Certificates Energy Performanc...
1 bedroom flat for rent in Brimfield Road, Purfleet, RM19 available for £750 pcm, £173 pw | Brimfield Road, Purfleet | NOW LET Brochures Property Brochure Full Details Energy Performance Certificates Energy Perform...
1 bedroom flat for rent in Churchill Close Dartford DA1 available for £800 pcm, £185 pw | Churchill Close Dartford DA1 | Located within minutes of great motorways links and amenities is this lovely one bedroom flat. The property consists of lounge, kitchen, double bedroom with fitted wardrobe and bathroom. Additionally the property comes with good storage and parking. A lovely home just waiting for the perfect tenant Brochures Brochure:A4 Broch... Energy Performance Certificates Energy Performanc...
3 bedroom terraced house for rent in Rose Street, Sunderland, SR4 available for £550 pcm, £127 pw | Rose Street, Sunderland, SR4 | **Zero Deposit Guarantee Available** **VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE** A three bedroom family home that has been refurbished to a high standard. Offered unfurnished and available now. Description You enter into the hallway and the living room is on your left. There is wooden flooring, a feature fireplace and a window that allows in lots of natural light. The dining room is in the middle, has a set of French doors leading to the enclosed rear yard, and there is another feature fireplace. The kitchen is at the rear and comes with white wooden units, a Belfast sink and an integrated oven/hob. There are three bedrooms, and the bathroom comes with a white three piece suite with a shower over the bath. Location Located just outside of the city centre, there are a number of shops and restaurants on your doorstep. There is a bus stop just around the corner, and St Joseph's Primary School is 0.6 miles away. Our View This property would make a lovely home for a family looking to live in a central location, in a modern property. Living Room Dining Room Kitchen Bedroom 1 Bedroom 2 Bedroom 3 Bathroom External /2 Brochures Full Property Details
2 bedroom terraced house for rent in Dene Street, Pallion, Sunderland, SR4 available for £415 pcm, £96 pw | Dene Street, Pallion, Sunderland | AVAILABLE NOW!! WELL PLACED AND WELL PRICED 2 BEDROOM COTTAGE Briefly comprising; partially glazed door leading into entrance vestibule, entrance hall leading off to bedroom 1, bedroom 2, lounge/dining room with door to the kitchen, bathroom. Viewings can be arranged by contacting our Sunderland office. INTRODUCTION AVAILABLE NOW!! WELL PLACED AND WELL PRICED 2 BEDROOM COTTAGE Briefly comprising; partially glazed door leading into entrance vestibule, entrance hall leading off to bedroom 1, bedroom 2, lounge/dining room with door to the kitchen, bathroom. Viewings can be arranged by contacting our Sunderland office. ENTRANCE VESTIBULE The property is entered via a partially glazed door into entrance vestibule. Carpet flooring, alarm key pad, electric and gas meter, electric fuse box ENTRANCE HALL Carpet flooring, single convector radiator, 3 doors leading off, 2 to bedrooms, 1 to the lounge BEDROOM 1 12' 10" x 11' 5" (3.91m x 3.48m) Carpet flooring, double radiator, front facing white UPVc double glazed BEDROOM 2 12' 11" x 6' 10" (3.94m x 2.08m) Carpet flooring, double radiator, front facing white UPVc double glazed LOUNGE/DINER 22' 3" x 12' 4" (6.78m x 3.76m) Gas fire with fire surround and tiled back and half, carpet flooring, double radiator, 2 white UPVc double glazed rear facing, door leading to kitchen  KITCHEN 12' 1" x 5' 8" (3.68m x 1.73m) A range of wall and floor units in a medium cherry wood effect finish with contrasting laminate work surfaces, under bench fridge, washing machine, free standing gas cooker, stainless steel sink with single bowl, single drainer and mono-bloc tap, ceramic tile flooring, single convector radiator, white uPVC double glazed window, white uPVC double glazed door, door leading to bathroom  BATHROOM 7' 3" x 5' 7" (2.21m x 1.7m) White bathroom suite comprising of; sink with single pedestal and chrome taps, toilet with low level cistern, bath with side panel, shower rail and shower curtain over, electric shower. Vinyl flooring, single convector radiator, white UPVc double glazed window with privacy glass. The walls are clad with uPVC paneling for low maintenance  REAR YARD The rear yard is approximately south facing, has roller shutter garage door access, pedestrian gated access Brochures Property Brochure Full Details Energy Performance Certificates Energy Perform...
3 bedroom flat share for rent in En-Suite Room in a Flat Share - SR6 0HJ, SR6 available for £420 pcm, £97 pw | En-Suite Room in a Flat Share - SR6 0HJ | *ALL INCLUSIVE BILLS * SUPER FAST BROADBAND INCLUDED * NEWLY REFURBISHED *  Ocasa Homes are pleased to present a spacious fully furnished double room with separate private shower room in a beautifully refurbished co-living apartment.  Located on the first floor of the popular Rokerlea development, this spacious double bedroom offers contemporary furniture, quality wooden flooring and a modern newly fitted separate shower room.  The apartment has been finished to the highest standards with high quality wooden flooring throughout, a brand new high gloss fitted kitchen with integrated appliances and double glazing throughout.  This superior level of accommodation is not available anywhere else in the local area.  ALL INCLUSIVE RENT - no need to worry about the bills, we'll look after that for you! The electricity, water, council tax and super fast broadband is all included for just one price per month.  Residents parking is available at £25 per month.  With just a few rooms released, viewing is highly recommended.    IMPORTANT NOTICE: Ocasa Homes instruct partner agents who we may use to carry out viewings on this property on our behalf. When you request a viewing, or details on a property, your contact information (name, telephone number, email address) will be passed to them to enable us to perform your request. If you do not want us to pass on your information, or require further information, please call us before submitting your request.
2 bedroom house for rent in Oak Close, Crayford, DA1 available for £1,150 pcm, £265 pw | Oak Close, Crayford, DA1 | Exclusive to Mann! Internally as you enter the front door there is a useful porch area ideal for storing shoes and jackets. Then there is a nice size open plan living room and dining space which benefits from good natural light. The kitchen is also open plan and modern, providing lots of cupboard storage space and a nice view of the rear garden. Upstairs there is a single bedroom on the rear of the property which overlooks the rear garden and scenic fields beyond. The master bedroom is spacious and features a fitted wardrobe and the bathroom continues the modern and stylish theme. Externally the property boasts an attractive rear garden and allocated parking. The location of the property is ideally positioned for Crayford Town Centre, Tower retail park, Sainsburys superstore and Crayford station as well as a wealth of transport links. Available for a March move in, call now to book your viewing!
3 bedroom flat share for rent in En-Suite Room in a Flat Share - SR6 0HJ, SR6 available for £420 pcm, £97 pw | En-Suite Room in a Flat Share - SR6 0HJ | *ALL INCLUSIVE BILLS * SUPER FAST BROADBAND INCLUDED * NEWLY REFURBISHED *  Ocasa Homes are pleased to present a spacious double room with separate private shower room in a beautifully refurbished co-living apartment.  Located on the top floor of the popular Rokerlea development, this spacious double bedroom offers contemporary furniture, quality wooden flooring and a modern newly fitted separate private shower room.  The apartment has been finished to the highest standards with high quality wooden flooring throughout, a brand new high gloss fitted kitchen with integrated appliances and double glazing throughout.  This superior level of accommodation is not available anywhere else in the local area.  ALL INCLUSIVE RENT - no need to worry about the bills, we'll look after that for you! The electricity, water, council tax and super fast broadband is all included for just one price per month.  Residents parking is available at £25 per month.  With just a few rooms released, viewing is highly recommended.    IMPORTANT NOTICE: Ocasa Homes instruct partner agents who we may use to carry out viewings on this property on our behalf. When you request a viewing, or details on a property, your contact information (name, telephone number, email address) will be passed to them to enable us to perform your request. If you do not want us to pass on your information, or require further information, please call us before submitting your request.
1 bedroom private hall for rent in Portobello Lane, Sunderland, SR6 0DN, SR6 available for £429 pcm, £99 pw | Portobello Lane, Sunderland, SR6 0DN | Welcome to All Saints House - studio accommodation close to University of Sunderland's St Peter's Campus.  Located on Portobello Lane and just 4 minutes from the Stadium of Light Metro, students at All Saints House are ideally located for student life in Sunderland.  For those who drive, the building has onsite parking free-of-charge and there is an onsite accommodation team who can help you throughout your stay with any queries.  All Saints House homes 90 students each year, offering 4 different types of studio - ideal for any budget!  Classic Studio Premium Single Bed Studio Premium Double Bed Studio Superior Studio  Rooms vary in size and layout, however all include a modern kitchen, ensuite bathroom and study area.  We offer dual occupancies in the majority of our room types - FREE OF CHARGE!  WiFi | Gym | Large Social Space | Laundry Room | Car Parking | Outdoor Patio  
1 bedroom flat for rent in The Homestead High Street Dartford DA1 available for £775 pcm, £179 pw | The Homestead High Street Dartford DA1 | Must have a UK Homeowner guarantor Newly refurbished one bedroom apartment situated within a private development just off Crayford High Street. The property comprises good size lounge, fully fitted kitchen and three piece bathroom suite.  Offered unfurnished. Energy Efficiency Rating: E Energy Performance Certificates Energy Performanc...
Studio flat for rent in Moatfield House, Highfield Road, Dartford, DA1 available for £725 pcm, £167 pw | Moatfield House, Highfield Road, Dartford | Land Estates are pleased to present this modern, studio apartment in central Dartford. As you enter this gorgeous flat, you’re welcomed by an open plan living area which has perfect storage space for all your shoes. The kitchen area is newly decorated in neutral colours with fresh cream walls and benefits from a fridge and microwave. The flat comprises of a double bed as well as fitted storage space; this is made up of two single wardrobes and overhead storage. The shower room is decorated sleekly and is finished off with a WC, wash hand basin and shower with sliding doors. Situated just a stones throw away from Dartford Town Centre, this property is also a short walk from Dartford Train Station, making it an ideal location for commuters. This property is ideal for a single occupant looking to be close to the station, as it is available now, comes part furnished including a bed and mattress and some white goods! Please call Land Estates now to arrange a viewing.
4 bedroom apartment for rent in Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 available for £386 pcm, £89 pw | Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED  Academic Year 2021/2022  4 Bed Apartment from £89pppw, all bills included*  Graysons Properties are pleased to offer our brand new student apartment/flats in this amazing New Development in the heart of Sunderland City Centre.  The development enjoys wonderful views and is ideally situated for local amenities.  The building benefits from double glazing and central heating. With on site facilities and secure access points throughout.  Within walking Distance to St. Peters and Chester Road University Campus  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  BEDROOM: Beautifully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, under bed storage and shelving units, Wifi throughout and desk, chair. Ethernet Connections  EN-SUITE: Fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space and set separate from the main living area.  COMMUNAL KITCHEN/LOUNGE/DINER: Large area for socialising, eating and lounging with large plasma TV & An impressive fully fitted kitchen.Fully integrated, modern units comprising of fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan and lots of space.  LAUNDRY ROOM: Complete with high quality  washers and dryers for heavier loads and more efficient cleaning.  COMPLIMENTARY CLEANING OPERATIVE:A complimentary cleaner attends to your apartment to maintain the communal areas at this property.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security and benefits from fully Integrated, modern, furniture with unique, artistic, styling throughout. With beautiful views and bright open arees throughout each flat benefits from fully inclusive utility and Wi-Fi bills* and a spacious communal area.  *£67.00 p/term utilities contribution required per tenant  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
1 bedroom apartment for rent in Chester Mews, Chester Road, Sunderland, SR4 available for £375 pcm, £87 pw | Chester Mews, Chester Road, Sunderland | Available Now on a unfurnished basis, this one bedroomed first floor flat offers a comfortable living space perfect for professional single person/couples. Featuring a living room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom, the property benefits from UPVC double glazing and Newly painted throughout. Located just off Chester Road within easy reach of an excellent range of amenities including local shops, Sunderland Royal Hospital, the University and Metro Station. The property is also within easy reach of Sunderland City Centre and A19, viewing essential. Ground Floor - Timber feature door to Entrance Lobby - Stairs up to First Floor Landing - Living Room - 9'7" x 15'2" - UPVC double glazed window to front, wall mounted electric panel heater, open plan to Kitchen - 5'6" x 9'7" - Wall and floor cupboards, granite coloured working surfaces, single drainer sink unit, electric cooker, space for washing machine, tiled splashbacks, UPVC double glazed window. Inner Lobby - Airing Cupboard Bedroom 1 - 11'0" x 12'0" - Bulk head cupboard, UPVC double glazed window to rear, bulk head cupboard, wall mounted electric panel heater. Bathroom - Low level WC, washbasin and bath - white suite with tiled splashbacks, vinyl flooring, UPVC double glazed window. Outside - Allocated parking space. Lettings Important Notice Let - We endeavour to make our lettings particulars accurate and reliable. They should be considered as a general guide only and do not constitute all or any part of the contract. None of the services, fittings and equipment have been tested. Measurements, where given, are approximate and for descriptive purposes only. Prospective tenants and their advisors should satisfy themselves as to the facts, and before arranging an inspection, availability. Further information on any point of importance can be provided, if in doubt please seek clarification before proceeding with a tenancy. No person in the employment of Peter Heron Limited has any authority to make or give any representation or warranty whatever in relation to this property. Lettings Viewing Arrangements - To arrange an appointment to view this property contact us on  , Option 2 or book a viewing online at peterheron.co.uk Ombudsman Let - Peter Heron Estate Agents are members of The Property Ombudsman and subscribe to The Property Ombudsman Code of Practice. Opening Hours Let - Monday to Friday 9.00am - 5.00pm Saturday 9.00am - 12.00pm Brochures Brochure Chester Mews, Chester Road, Sunderland Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
6 bedroom apartment for rent in Flat 4, City View, 1-4 Thornhill Crescent, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 available for £368 pcm, £85 pw | Flat 4, City View, 1-4 Thornhill Crescent, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED  Rent from £85pppw, All utility bills included*.  The property is in Sunderland city centre and ideally situated for local amenities. The property benefits from full double glazing and central heating and is vacate ready for its new student.  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  Communal lounge: the communal lounge comprises large dining table and chairs, a 42inch LCD TV, double glazed windows.  Communal kitchen: the communal kitchen has fully fitted units, two fridge/freezers, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan unit  Bedrooms: all bedrooms are fully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, under bed storage and shelving units, smart TV, Ethernet connection, desk, chair  En-suite: fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space  Communal cinema room: large 60 inch smart television compatible with Netflix, DVD player, sofa and additional seating, gaming console  Social Hub area: large conservatory area with sofas,table football, Ethernet connection available, 32 inch smart TV  Laundry room: high capacity washing machine, high capacity tumble dryer  The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included* and complimentary high speed internet included.  Secure parking (limited spaces) is available to the rear with electrically operated garage door.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security.  A complimentary cleaner attends on a weekly basis to maintain the communal areas at this property.  *£67.00 p/term utilities contribution required from tenant  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
2 bedroom semi-detached house for rent in Highfield Place, Pallion, Sunderland, SR4 available for £550 pcm, £127 pw | Highfield Place, Pallion, Sunderland, SR4 | **ZERO DEPOSIT GUARANTEE AVAILABLE** **ONLINE SMART VIEWING AVAILABLE** A two bedroom home with an enclosed rear garden, driveway parking and two reception rooms. Description You enter into the porch area where there is space for coats and shoes. The living room has wooden flooring and this leads through to the conservatory that allows in lots of natural light, and has access to the enclosed rear garden. The kitchen has white units, an oven/hob, and space for other appliances. On the first floor there are two bedrooms, and the bathroom has a three piece suite with a shower over the bath. Externally there is driveway parking. Location Situated in the Pallion area of Sunderland in close proximity to Sunderland Royal hospital. Ideal location with retail parks and superb public transport access to and from the city centre. Our View This property would make a lovely home for a professional couple or sall family due to the ample living space and enclosed rear garden. /2 Brochures Full Property Details Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
4 bedroom flat share for rent in Thornhill Crescent, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 available for £368 pcm, £85 pw | Thornhill Crescent, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED   Academic Year 2021/2022  Rent from £85pppw, All utility bills included*  4 Double Ensuite bedrooms available in a 4 Bedroom Apartment with Communal Kitchen/Diner/Lounge  Graysons Properties are pleased to offer this amazing flat suitable for student accommodation with comfort in mind. The property is in the city centre of Sunderland and ideally situated for local amenities. The property benefits from full double glazing and central heating.  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  Bedrooms: fully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, under bed storage and shelving units, smart TV,  Ethernet connection, desk, chair  Kitchen: the kitchen has fully fitted units, a fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan unit  En-suite: fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space  Communal cinema room: large 60 inch smart television compatible with Netflix, DVD player, sofa and additional seating, gaming console  Social Hub area: large conservatory area with sofas,table football, Ethernet connection available, 32 inch smart TV  Laundry room: high capacity washing machine, high capacity tumble dryer  The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included* and complimentary high speed internet included.  Secure parking (limited spaces) is available to the rear with electrically operated garage door.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security.  A complimentary cleaner attends on a weekly basis to maintain the communal areas at this property.  *£67.00 p/term utilities contribution required from tenant  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
1 bedroom apartment for rent in Nile Street, City Centre, Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, SR1 available for £525 pcm, £121 pw | Nile Street, City Centre, Sunderland, Tyne and Wear | Contemporary Manhattan style, first floor purpose built, modern luxury furnished open plan apartment , providing immediate access to Sunderland City Centre, enjoying lavish interiors and stylish specification throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises: lift access to first floor, entrance lobby, reception hallway, open plan living room/breakfast kitchen, double bedroom area and shower room/WC.  Modern features include rain forest shower, kitchen appliances, double glazing, electric heating, satellite television access and video entrance phone system.  The apartment is predominantly West facing and enjoys over sized windows creating a wonderfully light overall impression. Furnished. Available now. Property ref: 121_676_1707567 Introduction Contemporary Manhattan style, first floor purpose built, modern luxury furnished open plan apartment , providing immediate access to Sunderland City Centre, enjoying lavish interiors and stylish specification throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises: lift access to first floor, entrance lobby, reception hallway, open plan living room/breakfast kitchen, double bedroom area and shower room/WC.  Modern features include rain forest shower, kitchen appliances, double glazing, electric heating, satellite television access and video entrance phone system.  The apartment is predominantly West facing and enjoys over sized windows creating a wonderfully light overall impression. Furnished. Communal Entrance With lift access to first floor. Private entrance doorway leads through to: Entrance Lobby With spot lighting and secondary door into: Reception Hallway Providing access to main body of the accommodation with spot lighting, cloak storage cupboard, video entrance phone system, oak architraving and internal doors, electric wall mounted heater and door into: Open Plan Living Room/Fitted Kitchen 5.69m x 4.27m (18' 8" x 14' ) narrowing to 3.00m (9' 10") approximately Living Area Overlooking the predominantly Westerly elevations and therefore enjoying superb levels of afternoon sunshine via oversized windows.  Features include halogen downlighting, spot lighting, satellite television access, electric heater and open to: Kitchen Area Which features a contemporary range of cream high gloss units to wall and base with brushed steel furniture and bamboo style laminate roll top work surfaces over incorporating a stainless steel 1½ basin drainage sink and four ring halogen hob over which there is a contemporary glass and brushed steel filter hood and under, an electric oven. Other benefits include breakfast bar, high gloss ceramic floor tiling, incorporated fridge and separate freezer, washer dryer, splash backs, heater and halogen downlighting. Bedroom 3.05m x 3.18m (10'  x 10' 5") approximately Double bedroom area with halogen downlighting and electric wall heater. Ample space for a double bed and work station. Japanese style shaded glass panals allow natural light borrowed from the living area. Air flow is created by 2x open panals. Shower Room Fitted with a contemporary low level WC, circular hand basin with vanity under and rain forest shower to oversized tray. Other benefits include wall tiling, ceramic floor tiling, extractor, halogen downlighter and chrome ladder radiator. Bin Store Agents Note Permit parking is available through Sunderland City Council at the cost of the tenant. Area Nile Street is close to Sunniside Gardens this is a popular green area of the city centre with landscaped gardens, seating areas and water features. Brochures Full Brochure Energy Performance Certificates EER EIR
3 bedroom terraced house for rent in Pensher Street, Sunderland, SR4 available for £595 pcm, £137 pw | Pensher Street, Sunderland, SR4 | Property Reference: 4680  Howsy are proud to be marketing this three-bedroom property located in Sunderland. Situated on Pensher Street. The property is ideally located nearby Sunderland General Hospital as well as local amenities and excellent transport links in the city centre which offer local, regional and national routes. The property briefly comprises of three bedrooms and two reception rooms. The kitchen is fitted with modern units and worktops. Upstairs, there are three good sized bedrooms. Externally, there is a private rear yard and double gates to provide easy access to park a car. Deposit is £687 which is equivalent to 5 weeks rent. Sorry, No Pets, No Students, No Sharers, No Smokers. Children Welcome. WHO ARE WE? Howsy is creating a fairer and more equitable marketplace for renters. We'll give you a dashboard to manage your rental, report repairs and chat to us 24/7. We'll work with your landlord to resolve issues fast.  When calling us, please quote reference: 4680
2 bedroom apartment for rent in Foyle Street, Sunnside, Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, SR1 available for £650 pcm, £150 pw | Foyle Street, Sunnside, Sunderland, Tyne and Wear | Magnificently stylish two bedroom newly converted duplex apartment situated on first and second floors within this Victorian terrace in the heart of the Sunniside conservation area. The accommodation briefly comprises; communal entrance, private reception hallway to first floor, superb drawing room, open plan kitchen/dining room. Second floor comprises; two bedrooms, one with ensuite shower/wc and bathroom/wc. Externally to the rear there is one allocated car parking bay. An elegant city residence. Available Early November 2020. Property ref: 121_676_4166787 Communal Entrance With video entry phone system and door leading into private entrance....  Private Entrance Hall Entrance hall to which entrance is gained via video entrance phone system, a private entrance door at first floor level leads into...  Reception Landing A well proportioned reception entrance area with incorporated cupboard, low level lighting, cornice, double panelled radiator and door into Living Room 6.30m x 4.88m (20' 8" x 16' ) approximately A truly outstanding room with treble windows exemplifying the overall impression of light and space. Features include cherry wood veneer flooring, cornice, two wall mounted up lights, feature arch, television aerial point, telephone point and two double panelled radiators. Double multi paned doors lead directly through to...  Dining Kitchen 4.32m x 4.32m (14' 2" x 14' 2") approximately Fitted with a comprehensive range of contemporary styled laminated units to wall and base with brushed steel furniture and laminated roll top work surfaces over incorporating a 1/12 basin stainless steel drainage sink with chrome mono bloc tap fitting and brushed steel four ring gas hob with electric oven and hooded brushed steel extractor fan over. Other features include a centrally located  further set of base units with work surfaces over, free standing fridge freezer, washer dryer, breakfast bar, ceramic floor tiling, ample space for a sizeable table ideal for entertaining purposes, low level lighting, wall mounted extractor fan, telephone point and double panelled radiator. Second Floor Landing Second floor landing providing access to second floor accommodation with Velux window, low level lighting and door to...  Bedroom One 4.11m x 3.20m (13' 6" x 10' 6") approximately Into a dormer window,a double bedroom with features including television aerial point, telephone point, double panelled radiator and door into Ensuite Equipped with a white suite with chrome furniture including low level wc and pedestal hand basin. The room also features a seperate shower unit with electronic red ring electric shower fitting, other features include shaving socket, ceramic floor tiling, wall tiling with decorative border and ladder radiator. Bedroom Two 3.15m x 2.51m (10' 4" x 8' 3") approximately With Velux window and panelled radiator. Bathroom/WC Equipped with a white suite with chrome furniture including low level, pedestal hand basin and panel bath. Other features include shaving socket, ceramic floor tiling, wall tiling with decorative border and ladder radiator. Externally Externally to the rear of the property there is one allocated and secured parking bay....  Brochures Full Brochure Energy Performance Certificates EER EIR
4 bedroom maisonette for rent in Chester Road, Sunderland.  SR4 7JA, SR4 available for £625 pcm, £144 pw | Chester Road, Sunderland.  SR4 7JA | **  NO TENANT APPLICATION FEES PAYABLE ** ** VIDEO TOUR LINK ON THIS ADVERT ** Spacious four bedroom maisonette, recently newly decorated and carpeted.  Offering Family sized accommodation at this affordable price, the property has the benefit of two shower rooms, Spacious kitchen, Located above a commercial unit, the property is adjacent to the hospital site and within reach of all local amenities, viewing recommended   EPC rating :  E Video Tour Link on this property ; NOTICE REGARDING PETS : Due to the government cap on damage deposits from 01.06.19 (5 weeks maximum damage bond) - we are unable to recommend pets to our clients without an agreed rental adjustment, this is typically around £5pw extra (varies depending on the property & pets). Please ask our office if you wish to have pets considered on your application, and we can assess the pets proposed and confirm if an amended rent can be agreed with the landlord. This statement does not confirm pets are acceptable for this property. NOTICE REGARDING FREE STANDING GAS & ELECTRIC APPLIANCES ; Any free standing appliances shown on photographs or present on viewings may not be included in the tenancy.  Please obtain confirmation in writing from our office as to the inclusion of any appliances which you require included within the tenancy, before you proceed with an application for any property. Brochures Brochure
2 bedroom flat for rent in Ennerdale, Ashbrooke, Sunderland, SR2 available for £425 pcm, £98 pw | Ennerdale, Ashbrooke, Sunderland | First floor two bedroomed apartment which is situated within one of Sunderland's most sought after locations of Ashbrooke. The property is on an attractive quiet street and is perfectly placed for easy access to Sunderland City Centre, and very convenient for all local amenities and all major transport links. Boasting a spacious lounge to the front of the property and feature fireplace. A Master bedroom with built-in storage, and second bedroom. Contemporary light oak effect fitted kitchen with gas hob/oven. Bathroom with modern suite and overhead mains shower. Externally there is a small paved garden to the front with wall enclosure and a shared courtyard to the rear. Benefitting for gas central heating and upvc double glazing to most windows, carrying an attractive price tag, immediate internal inspection is highly recommended. Ground Floor - Front entrance door leading to stairs First Floor - Spacious Landing - Built in laundry cupboard Lounge - 3.81m into alcoves x 3.63m - UPVC window to front , feature fireplace with inset tiled feature, double radiator Bedroom 1 - 4.29m x 3.94m into alcoves - Double radiator, UPVC window to rear, built in storage cupboard Bedroom 2 - 2.51m x 2.26m - Double radiator, UPVC window to front Kitchen - 3.43m x 2.84m - Double radiator, laminate flooring, UPVC window to side, light oak effect fitted kitchen floor and wall units. contemporary black tiled splashbacks, stainless steel sink and drainer, gas hob/oven, stainless steel extractor fan, plumbing for automatic washing machine Bathroom - Two windows to rear, double radiator, low level wc, pedestal washbasin and bath with overhead mains shower Outside - Small paved garden with wall enclosure to front. Shared courtyard to rear. Lettings Important Notice Let - We endeavour to make our lettings particulars accurate and reliable. They should be considered as a general guide only and do not constitute all or any part of the contract. None of the services, fittings and equipment have been tested. Measurements, where given, are approximate and for descriptive purposes only. Prospective tenants and their advisors should satisfy themselves as to the facts, and before arranging an inspection, availability. Further information on any point of importance can be provided, if in doubt please seek clarification before proceeding with a tenancy. No person in the employment of Peter Heron Limited has any authority to make or give any representation or warranty whatever in relation to this property. Ombudsman Let - Peter Heron Estate Agents are members of The Property Ombudsman and subscribe to The Property Ombudsman Code of Practice. Opening Hours Let - Monday to Friday 9.00am - 5.00pm Saturday 9.00am - 12.00pm Viewing Fs Let - To arrange an appointment to view this property contact our Fawcett Street branch on  , Option1. Brochures Brochure Ennerdale, Ashbrooke, Sunderland Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
2 bedroom flat for rent in Thornlea Court, Thornhill Park, Sunderland, SR2 available for £699 pcm, £161 pw | Thornlea Court, Thornhill Park, Sunderland | AVAILABLE FROM 10TH NOVEMBER 2020. ONE OF THE FINEST 2 BED PLUS EN SUITE APARTMENTS AVAILABLE IN THE CITY AT THE MOMENT LOCATED WITHIN A PRIVATE ELECTRIC GATED DEVELOPMENT IN SUPERB CENTRAL ASHBROOKE LOCATION PLUS OWN (NOT SHARED) PRIVATE PATIO AND GARDEN. Generous proportions and beautifully presented, this luxury apartment would be suitable for someone looking for something more exclusive than the norm with electric gated entrance into car park, secure entrance to building plus private terrace and garden leading off French doors from the lounge. The apartment comes with sofas and dining table, all integrated kitchen appliances, bedroom furniture (but not beds) so effectively it is part-furnished. Internally briefly comprising; large open plan lounge, dining area, kitchen (with patio doors leading out to private garden), two double bedrooms, en suite to master bedroom, bathroom, car parking space plus visitor parking. Viewing arrangements can be made by contacting our local office. INTRODUCTION AVAILABLE FROM 10TH NOVEMBER 2020. ONE OF THE FINEST 2 BED PLUS EN SUITE APARTMENTS AVAILABLE IN THE CITY AT THE MOMENT LOCATED WITHIN A PRIVATE ELECTRIC GATED DEVELOPMENT IN SUPERB CENTRAL ASHBROOKE LOCATION PLUS OWN (NOT SHARED) PRIVATE PATIO AND GARDEN. Generous proportions and beautifully presented, this luxury apartment would be suitable for someone looking for something more exclusive than the norm with electric gated entrance into car park, secure entrance to building plus private terrace and garden leading off French doors from the lounge. The apartment comes with sofas and dining table, all integrated kitchen appliances, bedroom furniture (but not beds) so effectively it is part-furnished. Internally briefly comprising; large open plan lounge, dining area, kitchen (with patio doors leading out to private garden), two double bedrooms, en suite to master bedroom, bathroom, car parking space plus visitor parking. Viewing arrangements can be made by contacting our local office. ENTRANCE HALL The development is entered via electric gates, leading to allocated parking space via visitor parking. Security door leading into entrance hall which leads to apartment. Built-in cupboard, electric wall heater, doors leading off to 2 bedrooms, bathroom, lounge/dining room/kitchen. LOUNGE/ KITCHEN 25' 5'' x 11' 10'' (7.74m x 3.60m) Measurements taken at widest points. Carpet in the lounge/dining area, electric wall heater, entry phone, double glazed french doors leading out to private garden. The kitchen area floor is finished in a ceramic tile. The kitchen comprises of stylish wall and floor units in a cream finish with complementary laminate work surfaces. Stainless steel sink with bowl and a half, single drainer and matching monobloc tap, integrated fridge/freezer, integrated electric oven, ceramic hob and extractor chimney in stainless steel finish, integrated washing machine, integrated microwave and integrated dish washer. The area around the kitchen has recessed lighting and the units benefit from under bench lighting also. The furniture in the lounge area comprises a 3 seater sofa, chair and dining table with 4 chairs. BEDROOM 2 14' 1'' x 8' 2'' (4.29m x 2.49m) Carpet flooring, electric wall heater, uPVC double glazed windows with views over private garden. The furniture in this room comprises of; double wardrobe with built-in shelving and hanging space, set of drawers and a bedside cabinet. BEDROOM 1 14' 1'' x 9' 4'' (4.29m x 2.84m) Electric wall heating, carpet flooring, uPVC double glazed windows with views over private garden, door leading off to en suite. The furniture in this room includes; double wardrobe with storage/shelving and hanging space, two large bedside tables with additional drawers. EN-SUITE 6' 4'' x 4' 8'' (1.93m x 1.42m) Ceramic tile flooring, electric towel heater radiator, white toilet with concealed cistern and push button flush, white wall mounted sink with cabinet above. Shower cubicle with shower fed from the main hot water system. The area within the shower area is finished in a ceramic tile. Recessed lights to ceiling. Extractor fan. EXTERNALLY Private rear garden comprising of a gravel area and a decked area with a sunny aspect including patio table and 2 chairs. Brochures Property Brochure Full Details Energy Performance Certificates Energy Perform...
2 bedroom apartment for rent in Amity Court, North Star Boulevard, Grennhithe, DA9 available for £1,050 pcm, £242 pw | Amity Court, North Star Boulevard, Grennhithe | Chartwell Lettings welcome to the market this beautifully finished 2 bedroom 1st floor apartment, situated in Greenhithe. The property is a short walk away from Greenhithe Station where there are regular trains on offer getting you into central London within an hour as well as being just a short walk from Asda Supermarket and local pubs. Also close by are popular schools, the M25, QE2 Bridge and A2.   The property consists of a modern fitted kitchen, large living room, luxury balcony with beautiful side views of the River Thames. It has a good sized double master bedroom with ensuite shower room, a single bedroom and a family bathroom with shower over bath.   Other benefits include one allocated parking bay, fully double glazed throughout, children’s play area in the development and close to Bluewater shopping centre!   Viewing essential!
1 bedroom apartment for rent in Park Place West, City Centre, Sunderland, SR2 available for £450 pcm, £104 pw | Park Place West, City Centre, Sunderland | We are delighted to offer  this one bedroomed ground floor apartment situated in the City centre. Fully furnished with  a communal entrance hall, secure entry system, spacious 18ft lounge, fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, 12ft bedroom and bathroom.  Benefiting from gas combination system and externally has communal front gardens along with enclosed courtyard with allocated parking via electric roller shutter door to the rear.  Available Now.  Internal inspection is highly recommended.  EPC Rating - D. All On Ground Floor - Communal Entrance Hall - UPVC door to rear courtyard. Entrance Hall - Lounge - 17'10" x 16'2" - Bay window and radiator. Kitchen - 8'9" x 6'4" - Fitted wall and base units with complimenting worktops incorporating stainless steel sink unit, tiled splashbacks, electric hob, electric oven, extractor hood, fridge freezer, washer/dryer, laminate flooring, single radiator, spotlights to ceiling. Bathroom - Low level WC, pedestal washbasin and bath with overhead shower, tiled splashbacks, tile effect flooring and heated towel rail. Bedroom 1 - 11'4" x 13'0" - Storage cupboard, radiator and boiler. Outside - Communal garden to front.  Enclosed courtyard which is accessed via up and over door with allocated parking space. Lettings Important Notice Let - We endeavour to make our lettings particulars accurate and reliable. They should be considered as a general guide only and do not constitute all or any part of the contract. None of the services, fittings and equipment have been tested. Measurements, where given, are approximate and for descriptive purposes only. Prospective tenants and their advisors should satisfy themselves as to the facts, and before arranging an inspection, availability. Further information on any point of importance can be provided, if in doubt please seek clarification before proceeding with a tenancy. No person in the employment of Peter Heron Limited has any authority to make or give any representation or warranty whatever in relation to this property. Lettings Viewing Arrangements - To arrange an appointment to view this property contact us on  , Option 2 or book a viewing online at peterheron.co.uk Ombudsman Let - Peter Heron Estate Agents are members of The Property Ombudsman and subscribe to The Property Ombudsman Code of Practice. Opening Hours Let - Monday to Friday 9.00am - 5.00pm Saturday 9.00am - 12.00pm Brochures Brochure Park Place West, City Centre, Sunderland Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
6 bedroom apartment for rent in City View @Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 available for £386 pcm, £89 pw | City View @Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED  Academic Year 2021/2022  6 Bed Apartment from £89pppw, all bills included*  Graysons Properties are pleased to offer our brand new student apartment/flats in this amazing New Development in the heart of Sunderland City Centre.  The development enjoys wonderful views and is ideally situated for local amenities. The building benefits from double glazing and central heating. With on site facilities and secure access points throughout.  Within walking Distance to St. Peters and Chester Road University Campus  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  BEDROOM: Beautifully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, under bed storage and shelving units, WiFi throughout and desk, chair. Ethernet Connections  EN-SUITE: Fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space and set separate from the main living area.  COMMUNAL KITCHEN/LOUNGE/DINER: Large area for socialising, eating and lounging with large plasma TV, An impressive fully fitted kitchen. Fully integrated, modern units comprising of fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan and lots of space.  LAUNDRY ROOM: Complete with high quality  washers and dryers for heavier loads and more efficient cleaning.  COMPLIMENTARY CLEANING OPERATIVE:A complimentary cleaner attends on a weekly basis to your apartment to maintain the communal areas at this property.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security and benefits from fully Integrated, modern, furniture with unique, artistic, styling throughout. With beautiful views and bright open areas throughout the flat benefits from fully inclusive utility and Wi-Fi bills*.  *£67.00 p/term utilities contribution required per tenant  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available
7 bedroom house share for rent in 6 Mowbray Close, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 available for £342 pcm, £79 pw | 6 Mowbray Close, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR2 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED.  Academic year 2021/22  Seven bedroom house share , all utility bills included*, complimentary WiFi, CCTV, off street parking, complimentary weekly cleaner,newly refurbished lounge, newly refurbished kitchen  Rooms from £79.00 per person per week. Professionals also considered.  Graysons Properties are pleased to offer this substantial seven-bedroom property suitable for student accommodation with comfort in mind. The property is located in a private, gated, tree lined street in the desirable area of Ashbrooke ideally situated for local amenities. The property benefits from full double glazing and central heating.  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  Ground Floor: The ground floor comprises large bedroom, large newly refurbished lounge with a 42inch LCD TV, large fully fitted kitchen with brand new units and dining facilities, W.C. and separate shower room and utility room with washing machine. There is also a yard to the front and rear of the building.  First Floor: The first floor comprises 3 large bedrooms, large bathroom shower unit, wash basin and W.C.  Second Floor: The second floor comprises of 3 large bedrooms, bathroom with shower cubicle, wash basin and W.C.  The accommodation comes fully furnished to a high standard with all utility bills included* and complimentary high speed internet included.  Off street parking is available to the rear with electrically operated garage door.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security.  A complimentary cleaner attends the property to maintain the communal areas at this property.  For further information on this property please visit   *£67.00 p/term utilities contribution required per tenant *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available
1 bedroom ground floor flat for rent in SANFORD COURT, ASHBROOKE, Sunderland South, SR2 7AU, SR2 available for £495 pcm, £114 pw | SANFORD COURT, ASHBROOKE, Sunderland South, SR2 7AU | NO TENANT FEES TO PAY..This Is A Purpose Built Retirement Building. There is a Development Manager who may be contacted from various points within each property  If The Development Manager is off duty there is a 24 hour emergency Appello call system. Ground Floor Apartment Comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen,one bedroom and bathroom. It is a condition of the tenancy that residents be over the age of 60 years, or in the event of a couple, one must be over the age of 60 years and the other over 55 years. There is a residents lounge, communal laundry room and lifts to all floors. Unfortunately no housing benefit claimants can be considered due to a restriction in the landlord's mortgage term. MAIN ENTRANCE Security door into main hallway, communal lounge, hallway to laundry room, lift and stairway ENTRANCE TO APARTMENT Ground floor , door into the apartment, small hall, storage cupboard with water tank BATHROOM Large Shower Cubicle, cladding on walls, white wash hand basin with vanity unit, white WC, BEDROOM <i>14' 02'' x 9' 00''</i> Double glazed window,  storage heater, fitted mirror wardrobes ADDITIONAL PICTURE LOUNGE <i>16' 02'' x 10' 08''</i> Double glazed window, double galzed patio door leading to gardens and car park,electric fire with surround, storage heater, double doors into the kitchen KITCHEN <i>10' 02'' x 7' 03''</i> Double glazed window, wall and floor units, electric built in oven and hob, part tiled walls, sink and drainer with mixer taps HOLDING DEPOSIT To reserve this property we will charge a holding deposit of 1 weeks rent. This is calculated at monthly rent x 12 / 52 If we approve your tenancy and you proceed with the rental, the holding deposit will become part payment towards your initial rent REDRESS For redress we subscribe to The Property Ombudsman for Estate Agents, Milford House, 43 - 55 Milford Street, Salisbury, Wiltshire, SP1 2BP Tel:     Web: BONDS Bonds on managed properties are registered with My Deposits, 1st Floor, Premiere House, Elstree Way, Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, WD6 1JH Tel:    Web: CLIENT MONEY Our Client Money Protection Scheme is RICS, 12 Great George Street, Parliament Square, London, SW1P 3AD Tel   web: Brochures Full Details (PDF) Full Details (HTML) Energy Performance Certificates EPC
2 bedroom apartment for rent in River View, City Centre, Sunderland, SR1 available for £525 pcm, £121 pw | River View, City Centre, Sunderland | VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE - BOOK YOURS NOW!! A well-presented two bedroom apartment, providing spacious accommodation within this modern purpose-built block, benefiting from an allocated parking space.  Internally the private accommodation includes lounge/diner, kitchen,  two bedrooms and a bathroom.  Benefits of the property include security entry system and lift access to all floors.  This convenient location provides excellent access into Sunderland City Centre, a range of local amenities and to transport links to surrounding areas. External - Lounge - Kitchen - Bathroom - Bedroom One - Bedroom Two - Lettings Important Notice Let - We endeavour to make our lettings particulars accurate and reliable. They should be considered as a general guide only and do not constitute all or any part of the contract. None of the services, fittings and equipment have been tested. Measurements, where given, are approximate and for descriptive purposes only. Prospective tenants and their advisors should satisfy themselves as to the facts, and before arranging an inspection, availability. Further information on any point of importance can be provided, if in doubt please seek clarification before proceeding with a tenancy. No person in the employment of Peter Heron Limited has any authority to make or give any representation or warranty whatever in relation to this property. Lettings Viewing Arrangements - To arrange an appointment to view this property contact us on  , Option 2 or book a viewing online at peterheron.co.uk Ombudsman Let - Peter Heron Estate Agents are members of The Property Ombudsman and subscribe to The Property Ombudsman Code of Practice. Opening Hours Let - Monday to Friday 9.00am - 5.00pm Saturday 9.00am - 12.00pm Brochures Brochure River View, City Centre, Sunderland
Studio flat for rent in Chester Road, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR4 available for £350 pcm, £81 pw | Chester Road, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR4 | Select are pleased to be able to offer this superior studio bedroom near the city centre. The property is in an excellent location, close to local amenities, Sunderland Royal Hospital and Millfield Metro Station.  This exclusive studio includes en-suite and super fast fibre internet.  The studio is newly refurbished, stylishly decorated and furnished to a high standard.  Complimentary cleaner included. Viewing is highly recommended.  Bedroom: stylish, modern and contemporary.  Fully furnished with double bed, wardrobe, chest of drawers, desk and chair.  En-suite: fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle and shower, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space.  Kitchen (Shared): stylish, modern and contemporary fully fitted units, fridge/freezer, washing machine, tumble dryer, electric hob, electric oven, extractor fan unit, worktop space.  Off street parking.  Complimentary cleaning service is included.  EPC rating - D. Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1
5 bedroom flat for rent in Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 available for £373 pcm, £86 pw | Phoenix House, Union Street, Sunderland, Tyne And Wear, SR1 | NO DEPOSIT REQUIRED  Academic Year 2021/2022  5 Bed Apartment from £86pppw, all bills included*  Graysons Properties are pleased to offer our brand new student apartment/flats in this amazing New Development in the heart of Sunderland City Centre.  The development enjoys wonderful views and is ideally situated for local amenities. The building benefits from double glazing and central heating. With on site facilities and secure access points throughout.  Within walking Distance to St. Peters and Chester Road University Campus  Graysons Properties are renowned and accredited landlords in the North East Region, known for our high quality of properties.  BEDROOM: Beautifully furnished with fitted bed, wardrobe, under bed storage and shelving units, Wifi throughout and desk, chair. Ethernet Connections  EN-SUITE: Fully fitted bathroom suite comprising of shower cubicle, toilet, wash basin, mirror and shelf space and set separate from the main living area.  COMMUNAL KITCHEN/LOUNGE/DINER: Large area for socialising, eating and lounging with large plasma TV, An impressive fully fitted kitchen.Fully integrated, modern units comprising of fridge/freezer, electric hob, electric oven, worktop space, extractor fan and lots of space.  LAUNDRY ROOM: Complete with high quality washers and dryers for heavier loads and more efficient cleaning.  COMPLIMENTARY CLEANING OPERATIVE:A complimentary cleaner attends to your apartment to maintain the communal areas at this property.  The property has a CCTV recording system installed to front and rear of building for additional security and benefits from fully Integrated, modern, furniture with unique, artistic, styling throughout. With beautiful views and bright open areas throughout each flat benefits from fully inclusive utility and WiFi bills*.  *£67 p/term utilities contribution required per tenant  *Graysons Properties' price match guarantee promise allows all enquirers to obtain a price match on a property in a similar location with comparable qualities and facilities available Energy Performance Certificates EPC 1

